src/SUMMARY.md, before:

# Summary

- [Introduction](../README.md)
- [Informational RFC](INFORMATIONAL.md)
- [Process RFC](PROCESS.md)
  - [0296 &mdash; Adopt a process for proposing, approving, and tracking major changes to bors-ng](0296-adopt-a-process-for-proposing-approving-and-tracking-major-changes-to-bors-ng.md)
  - [0332 &mdash; Elixir and Erlang version update policy](0332-elixir-and-erlang-version-update-policy.md)
  - [0412 &mdash; Simplify bors-ng/bors-ng's label system](0412-simplify-bors-ng-bors-ngs-label-system.md)
  - [0434 &mdash; Show status on accepted RFCs](0434-show-status-on-accepted-rfcs.md)
- [Feature RFC](FEATURE.md)
  - [0313 &mdash; The bors button extension](0313-the-bors-button-extension.md)
  - [0322 &mdash; Pre-test and Pre-merge hooks](0322-pre-test-and-pre-merge-hooks.md)
  - [0347 &mdash; Ability to create merge commits locally in self-hosted instances of Bors](0347-ability-to-create-merge-commits-locally-in-self-hosted-instances-of-bors.md)
  - [0349 &mdash; Use a squash merge in Bors](0349-use-a-squash-merge-in-bors.md)
  - [0357 &mdash; Bors support for CODEOWNERS](0357-bors-support-for-codeowners.md)
  - [0360 &mdash; Add a new configuration option `status_wait_success`](0360-add-a-new-configuration-option-status-wait-success.md)
  - [0362 &mdash; Allow `delegate` to be abbreviated as `d`](0362-allow-delegate-to-be-abbreviated-as-d.md)
  - [0376 &mdash; Allow `merge` as an alias for `r+`](0376-allow-merge-as-an-alias-for-r.md)
  - [0388 &mdash; Wait for CI to finish instead of rejecting immediately on bors r+ when CI is still "pending"](0388-wait-for-ci-to-finish-instead-of-rejecting-immediately-on-bors-r-when-ci-is-still-pending.md)
  - [0425 &mdash; Allow patches to be batched by themselves only](0425-allow-patches-to-be-batched-by-themselves-only.md)
  - [0471 &mdash; The required_approvals option should require up-to-date approvals](0471-the-required-approvals-option-should-require-up-to-date-approvals.md)
  - [0508 &mdash; Log outgoing HTTP request](0508-log-outgoing-http-request.md)

Commit message:

Add RFC 0507
https://forum.bors.tech/t/update-base-branch-of-prs-depending-on-a-branch-that-will-be-deleted/507

src/SUMMARY.md, after:

# Summary

- [Introduction](../README.md)
- [Informational RFC](INFORMATIONAL.md)
- [Process RFC](PROCESS.md)
  - [0296 &mdash; Adopt a process for proposing, approving, and tracking major changes to bors-ng](0296-adopt-a-process-for-proposing-approving-and-tracking-major-changes-to-bors-ng.md)
  - [0332 &mdash; Elixir and Erlang version update policy](0332-elixir-and-erlang-version-update-policy.md)
  - [0412 &mdash; Simplify bors-ng/bors-ng's label system](0412-simplify-bors-ng-bors-ngs-label-system.md)
  - [0434 &mdash; Show status on accepted RFCs](0434-show-status-on-accepted-rfcs.md)
- [Feature RFC](FEATURE.md)
  - [0313 &mdash; The bors button extension](0313-the-bors-button-extension.md)
  - [0322 &mdash; Pre-test and Pre-merge hooks](0322-pre-test-and-pre-merge-hooks.md)
  - [0347 &mdash; Ability to create merge commits locally in self-hosted instances of Bors](0347-ability-to-create-merge-commits-locally-in-self-hosted-instances-of-bors.md)
  - [0349 &mdash; Use a squash merge in Bors](0349-use-a-squash-merge-in-bors.md)
  - [0357 &mdash; Bors support for CODEOWNERS](0357-bors-support-for-codeowners.md)
  - [0360 &mdash; Add a new configuration option `status_wait_success`](0360-add-a-new-configuration-option-status-wait-success.md)
  - [0362 &mdash; Allow `delegate` to be abbreviated as `d`](0362-allow-delegate-to-be-abbreviated-as-d.md)
  - [0376 &mdash; Allow `merge` as an alias for `r+`](0376-allow-merge-as-an-alias-for-r.md)
  - [0388 &mdash; Wait for CI to finish instead of rejecting immediately on bors r+ when CI is still "pending"](0388-wait-for-ci-to-finish-instead-of-rejecting-immediately-on-bors-r-when-ci-is-still-pending.md)
  - [0425 &mdash; Allow patches to be batched by themselves only](0425-allow-patches-to-be-batched-by-themselves-only.md)
  - [0471 &mdash; The required_approvals option should require up-to-date approvals](0471-the-required-approvals-option-should-require-up-to-date-approvals.md)
  - [0507 &mdash; Update base branch of PRs depending on a branch that will be deleted](0507-update-base-branch-of-prs-depending-on-a-branch-that-will-be-deleted.md)
  - [0508 &mdash; Log outgoing HTTP request](0508-log-outgoing-http-request.md)
